author,body
nived90,Killer title
nived90,Marny what a beuttttttt
nived90,"&gt;It is the product of one of the most intelligent and industrious of creatures, whose miniature society is one of the most sophisticated in the animal kingdom. It's been used in religious and Pagan celebrations, and it's medicinal qualities have been known for centuries.  
&gt;  
&gt;It all begins in a field where worker honeybees suck nectar from flower blossoms, such as clover. They store it in their honey sack, then return to the hive where other worker bees suck it out and chew it, breaking down the nectar's complex sugars into two simple sugars called glucose and fructose. The bees then deposit the nectar into the cells of the wax honeycombs they've built. They fan it with their wings until most of the water content evaporates in the warm air of the beehive.

 

It is the product of one of the most intelligent and industrious of creatures, whose miniature society is one of the most sophisticated in the animal kingdom. It's been used in religious and Pagan celebrations, and it's medicinal qualities have been known for centuries.

It all begins in a field where worker honeybees suck nectar from flower blossoms, such as clover. They store it in their honey sack, then return to the hive where other worker bees suck it out and chew it, breaking down the nectar's complex sugars into two simple sugars called glucose and fructose. The bees then deposit the nectar into the cells of the wax honeycombs they've built. They fan it with their wings until most of the water content evaporates in the warm air of the beehive."
nived90,Shiiii I bought Dota+ just for calibration
nived90,mirror?
nived90,I want You(She's so Heavy) - The Beatles
nived90,I think this place is in Halifax...which makes sense with the donair and lobster
nived90,Is this Joe Howe? Something looks weird
nived90,"Kitsune, Sushi Nami and Dharma are my top 3 in that order."
nived90,He'ssss heating up
nived90,You guys are bad (trash talk)
nived90,Where 10 years ago? I don't mind going back.
nived90,I need him 
nived90,"This, I only play DOTA2 so no problems here."
nived90,"Thank you OP, you great"
nived90,Not if you register your device with an amazon.ca account
nived90,"No jeopardy in Canada, this has to be a cruel joke."
nived90,I have amazon prime but I'm Canadian. Anyone know a work around?
nived90,read this as *Santa's asshole*
nived90,Wonder if he can tell what chord a fart is.
[deleted],[deleted]
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,Actually pretty accurate depiction of me running. The weird mouth thing and jiggly arms are dead on.
nived90,"I mean if he wanted he could have just string this bass EADGC and it would be left handed. He must have just learned to play ""backwards"" pretty neat how the brain works."
nived90,My boyss
nived90,"Yah I drove from Nova Scotia last year, not many festivals that combine camping and high quality headliners. I wouldn't drive to New Brunswick for this lineup. Looking like a trip to the US for festi season this summer."
nived90,Wait I already have a paid personal account but also can't access my artist account. Do I just log in with my personal account?
nived90,"Anyone know of another website to access these?
"
nived90,Another request for this!
nived90,cant find anything like it on the net. 
nived90,Giancarlo Stanton finally
nived90,"by's are mental with no jackets, -16 today"
nived90,"I'm surprised they went slimmer and have yet to have ""bezel-less"" displays like on the dell xps. "
nived90,"I don't even have cell service, makes it quite difficult"
nived90,Im hoping deGrom does so well they just keep him in for 8 innings of shut out ball
nived90,"Just wanted to follow up (better late then ever). We ended up driving past Ingonish and found the east side of South Harbour beach posted above by r0sebot. Thinking it was not the best place to camp we kept on eventually turning down a road leading to the camp ground as mentioned above, we followed signs and were able to take my truck all the way down to what was the other end of the beach that had a perfect area for camping and was extremely private. This beach is easily one of the top 3 nicest I have been to in Nova Scotia and we were literally the only people on it after 5 O clock. Thank you everyone for the help and the great recommendations!"
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,When he retires I nominate him to replace Gregg Zaun.
nived90,"Tokyo Police Club
KISS
The Beatles
Slayer
Rick James"
nived90,"
[Vegan Powerz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFCAcQxmYDI)"
nived90,nah dude i could beat it with a higher number
nived90,yah and he painted it with his butt
nived90,why can I only see paint haha?
nived90,"Very cool
""It all seemed to happen so fast
Will you ever believe the way he passed away
I saw his widow speak on her fortune
She was feelin' pretty apathetic ""
I still think its about Kurt and Nirvana"
nived90,Thats a nod at Nirvana when they signed with Geffen records
nived90,This is highland dancing from Scotland not ballet brah
nived90,"I used to live in 24/7 assault servers on Source
"
nived90,7732
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,and crazy neck dive
nived90,"Programming Throwdown and Hanselminutes, are well made and easily accessible at any level!"
nived90,that boy's a legend
nived90,"Not really a fair comparison, Buble would hire classically trained jazz musicians to sight read standards that were written 100 years ago. Producers in this case are taking hundreds if not thousands of hours to make original song. The reasoning behind its popularity is more than likely not Biebers distinct skillfull delivery but in the composition of the song itself. I think we can see examples of producers switching this role such as the song by Diplo and Skrillex featuring Biebs, Mark Ronson, Timbaland etc. Artists that worked hard at establishing a name for themselves. I hate deadmau5 but in a lot of ways agree with what he says, some of these artists are being walked on, despite it being more financially beneficial for them to work with JB."
nived90,980
nived90,"Are you aware that there are people in this world that have a severe medical condition which causes them to be that way? My mother for instance is one of those people. She is a truck driver that has bad knees and a bad back from driving the truck but you probably do not care about that case either. Oh well I am not one of those people I am 6'4"" 245lbs and I exercise every day. I would love to see you say something like to my mother in front of me. Probably never happen though you are probably just an internet tough guy. I doubt very seriously you would say that to someones face. Just my thought.What do you think. Oh I am sorry you probably do not have a brain. I on the other hand will be happy to buy you a plane ticket to come here and see if you have the nerve to say that to someone I know."
nived90,watching games on mute since game 2 club
nived90,and Elvis
nived90,"Drink if:
""Turf Comment""
""That's Kansas City Baseball""
""At 2nd too long, need to change the signs up""
""sun/shade on batters face""
""floppy baseball glove"" "
nived90,he played a chord bro
[deleted],[deleted]
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,The interview he did with an ethics prof from Dal after the dentistry incident was enough for me to flip the channel when he comes on.
nived90,Make sure you're using ASIO drivers and not direct X.
nived90,"c'mon acknowledgeeeeeeeeeeee
[Halifax Explosion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5tU1CrXY-E&amp;spfreload=10)
"
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,obscure reference
nived90,"Alabama Shakes new album on [loooop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHb0ysdvs3Q)
"
nived90,"surprisingly its ""Rock the Casbah"""
nived90,"Yep, It's a red Mustang owned by [Chris Murphy](http://backstagerider.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/Sloan1.jpg) from Sloan. He was the music coach for the the actors in the movie."
nived90,Is that a 70s Ibanez lawsuit bass? 
nived90,"Agreed, looks like a 51,52 or 53 P Bass in Olympic white with no pick guard and a maple neck."
nived90,Late Rick Danko
nived90,somebody please dub this
[deleted],[deleted]
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,"Great shots, cant wait to here the KEXP. Wish they would play in Halifax!"
nived90,"*Halifax has SEVEN letters*

the movie ""seven"" stars Brad Pitt

 Brad Pitt is in Fight Cub which has two(2) lead actors playing one (1) character {spoiler alert}

 2+1=3

There are 3 sides on a Triangle

 ***ILLUMANATI is HALIFAX CONFIRMED!!!**"
nived90,Joe Dart!
nived90,would never bench
nived90,Dickerson out?
nived90,"I also have something very close, most likely a rebranded teisco from the 70s. They were under tons of names in the US such as Marlin, silvertone etc."
nived90,But I need these peach baskets back!
nived90,"Ableton,
SansAmp Bass Driver,
Roland Quad Capture

I roll off the gain on the quad capture and crank the sansamp, Pre's in it sound great IMO."
nived90,"the pirate bay should buy it
"
nived90,I'm in
nived90,Or just be [Esperanza Spalding] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xbHWp1KfSE)
nived90,Im not sure if you're exactly sure what you're talking about.
nived90,"Jays fan, is it finally our turn !*knocks on wood*"
nived90,bumfight crew git ya dick sucked
nived90,"This
Native Intsruments B4II has some great sounds that you could recreate this with"
nived90,My daily driver is an 87 4runner with 350k on it. Runs.....nearly factory new.
nived90,[pocket] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4XI6LXCsH8) so deep Pino can't reach his wallet
nived90,This is my favorite [clip] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NXn2l-49u4)
nived90,"John Mayer can [play] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ab_k6ZrCPmw) her. Also Pino Palladino is his bass player in the trio, instant respect."
[deleted],[deleted]
nived90,Antigonish
nived90,No tops in the pubs down under
nived90,"Can't beat the Gus' pub on valentines day, some pretty good bands and it's only 5 bucks I think. "
nived90,Joe Dart for president
nived90,"Its French House fellas
[Ed Banger](http://www.youtube.com/user/officialEDREC)"
nived90,This had me
nived90,"Wavves, Metz, Japandroids, Fucked Up!"
nived90,Nah he's the janitor
nived90,"Frankie can be found weekdays from 8-5 at the Mayflower Mall, if fans are looking for an autograph."
nived90,New copy pasta
nived90,I always thought he was born in Montaque
nived90,"I believe he thinks himself to be a savant, Im not sure if he actually claims himself to be one though. Although he does have quite a few videos talking about Kim Peek and savants and stuff."
nived90,"Frankie Macdonald from Sydney, Nova Scotia. Frankie has an obsession with weather and considers himself a Kim Peek (Rainman) type savant, he believes he can predict the weather and has been making videos displaying this for the past couple of years. "
nived90,A friend that knows all these lyrics is an asset at any east coast party. seshesoosumcannnunca..........HOW I WISH I WAS IN SHERBROOKE NOW
nived90,"Ive been playing around with it and got it pretty close.
I put a pretty heavy distortion and high pass filter in a bus, copied the vocal track twice and sent two of them to the bus offsetting one of them 2ms. I kept the third clean and turned it way down panning it a little out of center. 
Thanks for all the help everyone! This has to be one of the best communities on reddit."
nived90,"How does a guy like this come out of Truro, Nova Scotia"
nived90,"The ole Kansas City shuffle on the security guard, works every time."
nived90,"These ""old school"" hardware producers are very refreshing"
nived90,awesome
nived90,On the beach- Neil Young
nived90,He is so underrated in the bass playing world.
nived90,"I'm posting from a mine in the oil sands right now, that is not a fair depiction. 
If anyone has any questions feel free to ask."
nived90,"dat stinglay, drives me crazy but I fell in love with it when I played it. Not the most versatile bass Ive owned, but the single coils pump out exactly what Im looking for in a pbass tone"
nived90,"CAKE- Fashion Nugget
Neil Young- Harvest
Paul Simon- Graceland
RATM-The Battle for LA
Spoon- Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga
"
nived90,aware
nived90,Girls doing acoustic covers of pop songs is a major pet peeve of mine. These girls nailed every harmony perfectly and the guitar arrangement was decent and well played. Much better then the average girl sloppily vamping chords and singing wiz khalifa songs.
nived90,#expressyourself
nived90,"Are you aware that there are people in this world that have a severe medical condition which causes them to be that way? My mother for instance is one of those people. She is a truck driver that has bad knees and a bad back from driving the truck but you probably do not care about that case either. Oh well I am not one of those people I am 6'4"" 245lbs and I exercise every day. I would love to see you say something like to my mother in front of me. Probably never happen though you are probably just an internet tough guy. I doubt very seriously you would say that to someones face. Just my thought.What do you think. Oh I am sorry you probably do not have a brain. I on the other hand will be happy to buy you a plane ticket to come here and see if you have the nerve to say that to someone I know."
nived90,"I think this video is used way too much by people who don't want to work hard at the gym. While form is incredibly important as well as the mind muscle connection, it should be taken with a grain of salt. Kai Greene doesn't train like this all the time, he trains heavy, check his other videos. People should still lift as heavy as they can, while maintaining respectful form, not use this video as a crutch and sit in the gym lifting ten pound dumbells with telepathy. Strength is something that's practiced not learned in a video.... If that's your goal.
/endrant"
nived90,You look like Edward Norton
nived90,"Haha this, Blue jays need to get on this!"
nived90,How many money?
nived90,Wait till the misc gets ahold of this 
nived90,King of Donair
nived90,"Get ripper or die Myron, RIP TTYL."
nived90,Nova Scotia as well.
nived90,Lightttt weight babbbby
nived90,Sell us the vector bauddd
nived90,"GTA rednecks, dickered under train."
nived90,I saw Frankie in the mall yesterday!
nived90,"[Esperanza Spalding](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aRC3YY3svs&amp;feature=related)

/End"
nived90,"What are you using as your limit, your BMR or a number given by the program?"
nived90,"no hostie camping, no upper vent camping, no awp, CTs in by 1:00.....noobs"
nived90,"24/7 Assault is a culture, real laid back, open chat jokes. There is at least 3 of them on the east and they are always full."
nived90,This will be going in my 24/7 assault server 
nived90,"Cant top that...
classic recommendation here though
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEEc12DqJKI"
nived90,"455 for me tomorrow, good luck reddit PR bros."
nived90,I think you misheard me...
nived90,"The best way to get better at squatting is squatting, no need for gimics."
nived90,Get ripped or die myron
nived90,"This! Also I live in the same city as her and have never seen her once, don't know how this is possible."
nived90,sooo kenny powers?
nived90,FINAL COUNTDOWN!
nived90,I go to the farmers market in halifax all the time and have yet to see Natalie Portman.
nived90,This guy is an idiot
nived90,I think it rocks!
nived90,"Dude, i'm gonna type as sober as possible, that honestly looks fcking pathetic and digusting compared to my meal. and I'm being one hundred percent serious. Sorry we dont cook sht that was perviously in cans. you're a fuking joke dude, and im dead fuking serious. gert areal family that cooks good food, drinks beer and wine and winecoolers and has a good fuking time, and has a milliondollar house on the beach, im seriously.. dont eever potst your fuking poverty dinner on these forums ever the fuk again bro, and by bro i mean never my bro, fuking phaggot."
nived90,I support Frank Yang in 2012
nived90,"Spin Rymes like a lazy Susan, innocent till proven guilty."
nived90,"From Toronto to Cole Harbor to see him, unreal."
nived90,Happy holidays!
nived90,Doesnt compare to northern Alberta
nived90,dasss only in da mowning
nived90,They use them to band claws when the rubber ones aren't big enough...duhh
nived90,still waiting....
nived90,this is sick! isnt this guy from Truro?
nived90,Nova Scotia videos flooding reddit
nived90,"I used to play some serious Softball in Lower Sackville, place is no joke."
nived90,"In before ""In Pakistan bike drives you"" post"
nived90,This was a regular activity at school in junior high
nived90,"As I read this I booted up NBA jam, son I am disappoint."
nived90,These quite possibly be the only things I consume.
nived90,would it be carved if it was wood?
nived90,"""I'm not a stranger if you get to know me"""
nived90,"Antigonish, New Glasgow just smells bad."
nived90,"Sydney, Nova Scotia"
nived90,"New Glasgow, Nova Scotia"
nived90,"""forever a bone"""
nived90,"[I thought this song said ""Andy"" when I was kid](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usEcJwrNHAg)"
nived90,[I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_0E7x3Nqys)
nived90,need more icons
nived90,Wine in the mountain dew cans?
nived90,Just Rick'd
nived90,"I'm from Nova Scotia(mainland) working in BC and they can only tell when I say (car, bar, yarr etc.) Mind you Newfoundland and Cape Breton are a different ball game."
nived90,"""Handl, who is evidently both quite reckless and kind of awesome"""
nived90,you're doing it right-from the Cameron clan
nived90,What has been seen
nived90,"I used to work at a gas station and every day an old fella used to come in and say ""nice night to curl up with a piece of tail and a bottle of rum"" than get 20$ of regular"
nived90,I see you're pressing the V-tech button......carry on.
nived90,waterwoooo
nived90,[Cmonnnnn Acknowledge!!!11](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oaRr6A-gkA)
nived90,Calgary
nived90,It is also a 6 hour drive away from the majority of existing oil sand sites.
nived90,[Fort McMurray!! my least favorite place in Canada](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_pH-rDy1Dc)
nived90,"I thought this as soon as I seen it, I was like whoa Mitch is in BC watching women, sippin pilsner and smoking darts."
nived90,"Pictures will be needed, for science of course."
nived90,Ich bin ein gummi bear!
nived90,Piss Test
nived90,I made a wine rack cause I saw a cool one in a magazine and started brewing my own to be able to fill it.
nived90,"""plow"" Girl"
nived90,mind evaporated
nived90,this!
nived90,The Scaffolding on the right side is not safed out
nived90,Nope Chuck .....
nived90,"Teen car park orgy, ive seen this."
nived90,You sir have my dream station!
nived90,Is the host that guy from treble charger? Wow he got fat and ugly since American psycho was on big shiny tunes
nived90,I upvoted for street sharks
nived90,"While I realize my fault, who cares?"
nived90,"In business classes we used "" the broader environment"""
nived90,"That is the most ridiculous video, I have ever seen."
nived90,Nautica and the mossimo ones at target
nived90,this made me smile
nived90,"[this is the whip](http://www.cielazur.am/images/ppa22_G.jpg)
"
nived90,I`d make her mad.....for under performing in bed.
nived90,"thanks, will do! haha"
nived90,she`s fierce
nived90,"If I remember correctly pickles only cost a nickle, realistically you could have both."
nived90,racist biggotry
nived90,"What you`re trying to say is, this is a nice ass picture?"
nived90,"Its like ""Friday"" except much better and written by someone in second grade."
nived90,Zed
nived90,Janis Joplin makes an excellent cross to Freddie Mercury
nived90,Fick Mich
nived90,Just lol'd in the lunch room at work
nived90,Misc life
nived90,"Drumheller, I was just there, no dinosaurs."
nived90,This and it seems as if they carry huge arrogance Bono and especially Adam Clayton. Also lol at The Edge in Make it Loud.
nived90,PEPSI BLUE
nived90,"On phone, yes real life
"
nived90,will be home from Alberta next month!
nived90,"Yes but, Old people, how do they work?"
nived90,"Silly mother, it was the porn dad downloaded."
nived90,"My grandfather grew up fishing lobster with his father in Nova Scotia, he told me he used to hide his lobster sandwiches at school so other kids didn't know how poor he was."
nived90,wannnt
nived90,This is used to be a major issue in my counterstrike hayday
nived90,I have a special set of skills.......that makes me an incredibly poor Bond.
nived90,"CC and IC
a canadian classic"
nived90,"You clearly did check out his girl and abused your power, cool starry bra"
nived90,"-Sloan
-Matthew Good Band
-Wide Mouth Mason
-Serial Joe
-Eric's Trip
-Thrush Hermit

"
nived90,Why so cereal Adam Lavigne?
nived90,pics of wife!
nived90,"I have one, best beach toy"
nived90,how's the fretless jaco squier sound? Ive been thinking about picking up a cheap fretless to play around on.
nived90,A couple mini beers and some good times at Gus's?
nived90,here's to all the boys uppp in fort mcmurrrray
nived90,"haha probably a newfie, there's rumored to be a newfie in McMurray that sells it at her convenience store."
nived90,"haha where did you find it, I went to school in Newfie and got hooked on the stuff, i'm originally from Halifax"
nived90,"are you aware they don't have pineapple crush in Alberta?
"
nived90,airbrush fail? or no?
nived90,23
nived90,Ill iphone it
nived90,"well played Mauer, well played"
nived90,"I agree, its that damn group effect and the jerseys, Id say.....still better looking than Timmy though"
nived90,yah but there is three Bruins girls
nived90,Jamie Eason is a legend
nived90,"Checked Tineye, no dice"
nived90,I`d say were looking at a serious case of sarcasm
nived90,My Friends and I never had close to a long enough attention span for this
nived90,"""Mom, I need twenty bucks to get a Captain Underpants book"""
